README.md, before:


## Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Default information in README.md](#default-information-in-readmemd)
- [Requirements to Run Mobile-App](#requirements-to-run-mobile-app)
  - [Common](#common)
    - [For Android](#for-android)
    - [For iOS](#for-ios)
- [Steps to Run](#steps-to-run)
  - [Windows](#windows)
  - [macOS](#macos)
- [Debugging](#debugging)
  - [Common](#common-1)
  - [VSCode](#vscode)
    - [Common](#common-2)
    - [iOS](#ios)
    - [Anrdoid](#anrdoid)
- [Additional Requirements to Run E2E Tests](#additional-requirements-to-run-e2e-tests)
  - [E2E on Android](#e2e-on-android)
  - [E2E on iOS](#e2e-on-ios)
- [Tools](#tools)
  - [Scripts](#scripts)
  - [Reactotron](#reactotron)
  - [Staging and Continuous Integration](#staging-and-continuous-integration)
- [Notes from developers](#notes-from-developers)
- [https://zivost.com/blog/xcode-10-causes-haywire-for-react-native-developers/](#httpszivostcomblogxcode-10-causes-haywire-for-react-native-developers)
- [---](#)
- [---](#1)
- [# Default Information](#default-information)
- [Available Scripts](#available-scripts)
  - [`npm start`](#npm-start)
    - [`npm test`](#npm-test)
    - [`npm run ios`](#npm-run-ios)
    - [`npm run android`](#npm-run-android)
      - [Using Android Studio's `adb`](#using-android-studios-adb)
      - [Using Genymotion's `adb`](#using-genymotions-adb)
- [Other](#other)
  - [Writing and Running Tests](#writing-and-running-tests)
  - [Adding Flow](#adding-flow)

---
### Default information in README.md
* [Available Scripts](#available-scripts)
  * [npm run ios](#npm-run-ios)
  * [npm run android](#npm-run-android)
* [Other](#other)
  * [Writing and Running Tests](#writing-and-running-tests)
  * [Adding Flow](#adding-flow)

## Requirements to Run Mobile-App
### Common 
  * `node 8.14.1` (with `npm 6.4.1`)  
  <small>NodeJS version 8.15.x also is likely to work</small>
  * ninja (for Android)  
  <small>macOS - `brew install ninja`, Windows - instructions [here](https://github.com/rwols/CMakeBuilder/wiki/Ninja-for-Windows-Installation-Instructions)</small>
  * react-native-cli
  <small>npm install -g react-native-cli</small>
#### For Android
<small>(macOS and Windows)</small>  
    * `Java 1.8` (jdk 8)  
    * `Android Studio` *(optional)*
#### For iOS
<small>(macOS only)</small>  
    * `macOS 10.13 High Sierra` or higher <small>(not tested on El Capitan and before)</small>  
    * `Homebrew` - http://brew.sh  
    * `CocoaPods` (`brew install pods`)  
    * `Xcode 9.4.1`

## Steps to Run
### Windows
  (1) `git clone git://github.com/LockTrip/Mobile-app.git`  
  (2) `cd <project-folder>` for example `cd C:\projects\Mobile-App`  
  (3) `npm install`  
  (4) `react-native run-android` 
### macOS
(1) `git clone git://github.com/LockTrip/Mobile-app.git`  
(2) `cd <project-folder>` for example `cd $HOME$/projects/Mobile-App`  
(3) `npm install`  
(4) `react-native run-ios` or `react-native run-android`

## Debugging

### Common
(1) put ``debugger`` statement in code  
(2) debug with "Debug JS Remotely" and a browser  
  
*_Note:_* To debug **WebView** or **mobile browser** - use:  
- for iOS: *Safari/Develop/Simulator...* 
- for Android: *Chrome/Remote device* and choose emulator/device

### VSCode

#### Common
- Use VSCode breakpoints to or *"All expeptions"/"Uncaught exceptions"* to break into code  
- If running any task before compilation (*preLaunchTask* in *launch.json*) - in VSCode Tasks - make sure to check Terminal view in VSCode if it needs input  
- 


#### iOS
(1) VScode - use React Native run configurations to create one for iOS  
(2) When starting - make sure to have "Debug JS Remotely" *ON* from the device/emulator  
(3) Reload while the footer of VSCode shows as orange  
(4) Use VSCode *Debug Console* view to see console.log output

#### Anrdoid
(1) VScode - use React Native run configurations to create one for Anrdoid  
(2) When starting - make sure to have "Debug JS Remotely" *ON* from the device/emulator  
(3) Reload while the footer of VSCode shows as orange  
(4) Use *Debug Console* or *Output/LogCat...* view to see console.log statements  

## Additional Requirements to Run E2E Tests
E2E tests (aka integration tests) are using `detox` (with Grey Box vs the common Black Box approach) with `mocha`.
### E2E on Android
 * ???
### E2E on iOS
<small>(macOS only)</small>
  * `brew tap wix/brew`
  * `brew install applesimutils`
 
## Tools
### Scripts
Scripts are found at:
* `scripts\windows` for Windows
* `scripts/` for macOS

### Reactotron
  * To start on Windows (with Android):
  1. Run `scripts\windows\reactotron-start.bat`
  2. Start project with `react-native run-android`

### Staging and Continuous Integration
First application of CI is using Travis CI http://travis-ci.org.
Later on to be applied in this branch.

## Notes from developers  
**Jinkai note on Building with Xcode 10:  
BUILDING ISSUE FOR IOS 12, XCODE 10.1  
https://zivost.com/blog/xcode-10-causes-haywire-for-react-native-developers/
---
---
---
# Default Information
---

## Available Scripts

### `npm start`

Runs your app in development mode.

Open it in the [Expo app](https://expo.io) on your phone to view it. It will reload if you save edits to your files, and you will see build errors and logs in the terminal.

Sometimes you may need to reset or clear the React Native packager's cache. To do so, you can pass the `--reset-cache` flag to the start script:

```
npm start -- --reset-cache
# or
yarn start -- --reset-cache
```

#### `npm test`

Runs the [jest](https://github.com/facebook/jest) test runner on your tests.

#### `npm run ios`

Like `npm start`, but also attempts to open your app in the iOS Simulator if you're on a Mac and have it installed.

#### `npm run android`

Like `npm start`, but also attempts to open your app on a connected Android device or emulator. Requires an installation of Android build tools (see [React Native docs](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/getting-started.html) for detailed setup). We also recommend installing Genymotion as your Android emulator. Once you've finished setting up the native build environment, there are two options for making the right copy of `adb` available to Create React Native App:

##### Using Android Studio's `adb`

1. Make sure that you can run adb from your terminal.
2. Open Genymotion and navigate to `Settings -> ADB`. Select “Use custom Android SDK tools” and update with your [Android SDK directory](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/25176594/android-sdk-location).

##### Using Genymotion's `adb`

1. Find Genymotion’s copy of adb. On macOS for example, this is normally `/Applications/Genymotion.app/Contents/MacOS/tools/`.
2. Add the Genymotion tools directory to your path (instructions for [Mac](http://osxdaily.com/2014/08/14/add-new-path-to-path-command-line/), [Linux](http://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch001647.htm), and [Windows](https://www.howtogeek.com/118594/how-to-edit-your-system-path-for-easy-command-line-access/)).
3. Make sure that you can run adb from your terminal.

## Other

### Writing and Running Tests

This project is set up to use [jest](https://facebook.github.io/jest/) for tests. You can configure whatever testing strategy you like, but jest works out of the box. Create test files in directories called `__tests__` or with the `.test` extension to have the files loaded by jest. See the [the template project](https://github.com/react-community/create-react-native-app/blob/master/react-native-scripts/template/App.test.js) for an example test. The [jest documentation](https://facebook.github.io/jest/docs/en/getting-started.html) is also a wonderful resource, as is the [React Native testing tutorial](https://facebook.github.io/jest/docs/en/tutorial-react-native.html).

### Adding Flow

Flow is a static type checker that helps you write code with fewer bugs. Check out this [introduction to using static types in JavaScript](https://medium.com/@preethikasireddy/why-use-static-types-in-javascript-part-1-8382da1e0adb) if you are new to this concept.

React Native works with [Flow](http://flowtype.org/) out of the box, as long as your Flow version matches the one used in the version of React Native.

To add a local dependency to the correct Flow version to a Create React Native App project, follow these steps:

1. Find the Flow `[version]` at the bottom of the included [.flowconfig](.flowconfig)
2. Run `npm install --save-dev flow-bin@x.y.z` (or `yarn add --dev flow-bin@x.y.z`), where `x.y.z` is the .flowconfig version number.
3. Add `"flow": "flow"` to the `scripts` section of your `package.json`.
4. Add `// @flow` to any files you want to type check (for example, to `App.js`).

Now you can run `npm run flow` (or `yarn flow`) to check the files for type errors.
You can optionally use a [plugin for your IDE or editor](https://flow.org/en/docs/editors/) for a better integrated experience.

To learn more about Flow, check out [its documentation](https://flow.org/).

Commit message:

HotelsSearchScreen LM-199 * Showing prices and hotels timeout * When back from map - showing last results * Added test for some of the code in HotelsSearchScreen Other * More options in config - reorganised to easily select * Added more strings in language

README.md, after:


## Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Default information in README.md](#default-information-in-readmemd)
- [Requirements to Run Mobile-App](#requirements-to-run-mobile-app)
  - [Common](#common)
    - [For Android](#for-android)
    - [For iOS](#for-ios)
- [Steps to Run](#steps-to-run)
  - [Windows](#windows)
  - [macOS](#macos)
- [Debugging](#debugging)
  - [Common](#common-1)
  - [VSCode](#vscode)
    - [Common](#common-2)
    - [iOS](#ios)
    - [Android](#android)
- [Additional Requirements to Run E2E Tests](#additional-requirements-to-run-e2e-tests)
  - [E2E on Android](#e2e-on-android)
  - [E2E on iOS](#e2e-on-ios)
- [Tools](#tools)
  - [Scripts](#scripts)
  - [Reactotron](#reactotron)
  - [Staging and Continuous Integration](#staging-and-continuous-integration)
- [Notes from developers](#notes-from-developers)
- [https://zivost.com/blog/xcode-10-causes-haywire-for-react-native-developers/](#httpszivostcomblogxcode-10-causes-haywire-for-react-native-developers)
- [---](#)
- [---](#1)
- [# Default Information](#default-information)
- [Available Scripts](#available-scripts)
  - [`npm start`](#npm-start)
    - [`npm test`](#npm-test)
    - [`npm run ios`](#npm-run-ios)
    - [`npm run android`](#npm-run-android)
      - [Using Android Studio's `adb`](#using-android-studios-adb)
      - [Using Genymotion's `adb`](#using-genymotions-adb)
- [Other](#other)
  - [Writing and Running Tests](#writing-and-running-tests)
  - [Adding Flow](#adding-flow)

___
### Default information in README.md
- [Default Information](#default-information)
  - [Available Scripts](#available-scripts)
    - [`npm start`](#npm-start)
      - [`npm test`](#npm-test)
      - [`npm run ios`](#npm-run-ios)
      - [`npm run android`](#npm-run-android)
        - [Using Android Studio's `adb`](#using-android-studios-adb)
        - [Using Genymotion's `adb`](#using-genymotions-adb)
  - [Other](#other)
    - [Writing and Running Tests](#writing-and-running-tests)
    - [Adding Flow](#adding-flow)

## Requirements to Run Mobile-App
### Common 
  * `node 8.14.1` (with `npm 6.4.1`)  
  <small>NodeJS version 8.15.x also is likely to work</small>
  * ninja (for Android)  
  <small>macOS - `brew install ninja`, Windows - instructions [here](https://github.com/rwols/CMakeBuilder/wiki/Ninja-for-Windows-Installation-Instructions)</small>
  * react-native-cli
  <small>npm install -g react-native-cli</small>
#### For Android
<small>(macOS and Windows)</small>  
    * `Java 1.8` (jdk 8)  
    * `Android Studio` *(optional)*
#### For iOS
<small>(macOS only)</small>  
    * `macOS 10.13 High Sierra` or higher <small>(not tested on El Capitan and before)</small>  
    * `Homebrew` - http://brew.sh  
    * `CocoaPods` (`brew install pods`)  
    * `Xcode 9.4.1`

## Steps to Run
### Windows
  (1) `git clone git://github.com/LockTrip/Mobile-app.git`  
  (2) `cd <project-folder>` for example `cd C:\projects\Mobile-App`  
  (3) `npm install`  
  (4) `react-native run-android` 
### macOS
(1) `git clone git://github.com/LockTrip/Mobile-app.git`  
(2) `cd <project-folder>` for example `cd $HOME$/projects/Mobile-App`  
(3) `npm install`  
(4) `react-native run-ios` or `react-native run-android`

## Debugging

### Common
(1) put ``debugger`` statement in code  
(2) debug with "Debug JS Remotely" and a browser  
  
*_Note:_* To debug **WebView** or **mobile browser** - use:  
- for iOS: *Safari/Develop/Simulator...* 
- for Android: *Chrome/Remote device* and choose emulator/device

### VSCode

#### Common
- Use VSCode breakpoints to or *"All expeptions"/"Uncaught exceptions"* to break into code  
- If running any task before compilation (*preLaunchTask* in *launch.json*) - in VSCode Tasks - make sure to check Terminal view in VSCode if it needs input  
- Use VScode *Output/React native...* views to see any issues with building the app before installing on device, simulator or emulator  


#### iOS
(1) VScode - use React Native run configurations to create one for iOS  
(2) When starting - make sure to have "Debug JS Remotely" *ON* from the device/emulator (shake it to see Debug menu with this option)  
(3) Reload while the footer of VSCode shows as orange  
(4) Use VSCode *Debug Console* view to see console.log output

#### Android
(1) VScode - use React Native run configurations to create one for Anrdoid  
(2) When starting - make sure to have "Debug JS Remotely" *ON* from the device/emulator (shake it to see Debug menu with this option)  
(3) Reload while the footer of VSCode shows as orange  
(4) Use *Debug Console* or *Output/LogCat...* view to see console.log statements  

## Additional Requirements to Run E2E Tests
E2E tests (aka integration tests) are using `detox` (with Grey Box vs the common Black Box approach) with `mocha`.
### E2E on Android
 * ???
### E2E on iOS
<small>(macOS only)</small>
  * `brew tap wix/brew`
  * `brew install applesimutils`
 
## Tools
### Scripts
Scripts are found at:
* `scripts\windows` for Windows
* `scripts/` for macOS

### Reactotron
  * To start on Windows (with Android):
  1. Run `scripts\windows\reactotron-start.bat`
  2. Start project with `react-native run-android`

### Staging and Continuous Integration
First application of CI is using Travis CI http://travis-ci.org.
Later on to be applied in this branch.

## Notes from developers  
**Jinkai note on Building with Xcode 10:  
BUILDING ISSUE FOR IOS 12, XCODE 10.1  
https://zivost.com/blog/xcode-10-causes-haywire-for-react-native-developers/

____

# Default Information

## Available Scripts

### `npm start`

Runs your app in development mode.

Open it in the [Expo app](https://expo.io) on your phone to view it. It will reload if you save edits to your files, and you will see build errors and logs in the terminal.

Sometimes you may need to reset or clear the React Native packager's cache. To do so, you can pass the `--reset-cache` flag to the start script:

```
npm start -- --reset-cache
# or
yarn start -- --reset-cache
```

#### `npm test`

Runs the [jest](https://github.com/facebook/jest) test runner on your tests.

#### `npm run ios`

Like `npm start`, but also attempts to open your app in the iOS Simulator if you're on a Mac and have it installed.

#### `npm run android`

Like `npm start`, but also attempts to open your app on a connected Android device or emulator. Requires an installation of Android build tools (see [React Native docs](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/getting-started.html) for detailed setup). We also recommend installing Genymotion as your Android emulator. Once you've finished setting up the native build environment, there are two options for making the right copy of `adb` available to Create React Native App:

##### Using Android Studio's `adb`

1. Make sure that you can run adb from your terminal.
2. Open Genymotion and navigate to `Settings -> ADB`. Select “Use custom Android SDK tools” and update with your [Android SDK directory](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/25176594/android-sdk-location).

##### Using Genymotion's `adb`

1. Find Genymotion’s copy of adb. On macOS for example, this is normally `/Applications/Genymotion.app/Contents/MacOS/tools/`.
2. Add the Genymotion tools directory to your path (instructions for [Mac](http://osxdaily.com/2014/08/14/add-new-path-to-path-command-line/), [Linux](http://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch001647.htm), and [Windows](https://www.howtogeek.com/118594/how-to-edit-your-system-path-for-easy-command-line-access/)).
3. Make sure that you can run adb from your terminal.

## Other

### Writing and Running Tests

This project is set up to use [jest](https://facebook.github.io/jest/) for tests. You can configure whatever testing strategy you like, but jest works out of the box. Create test files in directories called `__tests__` or with the `.test` extension to have the files loaded by jest. See the [the template project](https://github.com/react-community/create-react-native-app/blob/master/react-native-scripts/template/App.test.js) for an example test. The [jest documentation](https://facebook.github.io/jest/docs/en/getting-started.html) is also a wonderful resource, as is the [React Native testing tutorial](https://facebook.github.io/jest/docs/en/tutorial-react-native.html).

### Adding Flow

Flow is a static type checker that helps you write code with fewer bugs. Check out this [introduction to using static types in JavaScript](https://medium.com/@preethikasireddy/why-use-static-types-in-javascript-part-1-8382da1e0adb) if you are new to this concept.

React Native works with [Flow](http://flowtype.org/) out of the box, as long as your Flow version matches the one used in the version of React Native.

To add a local dependency to the correct Flow version to a Create React Native App project, follow these steps:

1. Find the Flow `[version]` at the bottom of the included [.flowconfig](.flowconfig)
2. Run `npm install --save-dev flow-bin@x.y.z` (or `yarn add --dev flow-bin@x.y.z`), where `x.y.z` is the .flowconfig version number.
3. Add `"flow": "flow"` to the `scripts` section of your `package.json`.
4. Add `// @flow` to any files you want to type check (for example, to `App.js`).

Now you can run `npm run flow` (or `yarn flow`) to check the files for type errors.
You can optionally use a [plugin for your IDE or editor](https://flow.org/en/docs/editors/) for a better integrated experience.

To learn more about Flow, check out [its documentation](https://flow.org/).
